life alright so we're back see what
happens here cha-cha-cha cha-cha-cha
let's rest
three weeks later what did I say dude I
said three weeks of bed rest that's
exactly what I say coo coo well what the
hell oh sure they're kicking in time
sure flies but I still can't believe
Mila's being discharged today I bet the
doc was floored by her rapid recovery
heck if I know dad and I barely talk
milla will be along as soon as she's
ready
care to explain this what's that o.o
wanted poster from honor student to
fugitive huh that's right not like it
affects you the feds wanna what did you
do the poster makes it sound like you
stole something stole you know gates
Iver was that it speak properly young
man I forget it so now what you're gonna
yell at mila for corrupting me you
haven't exactly been nice to her Jude
Jude you're so naive you still don't
know what she is the she's finally out
yeah oh Jesus oh I'm fine
nice physical therapy you gave her there
she can't even stand up fifteen thousand
a week for that that's right ah I've
missed the fresh air how about taking a
little walk good idea let's drill to the
sea Haven will take it slow oh my god
come on she never stops moving forward
under her own power no matter what
happens do you know why dude uh look
dirty huh
I disapprove what's this carrier pigeon
oh shit Alvin's here no why now after
all this time what o.o dump don't dawn
here let's uh let's have Jude be out
front I want to see what can happen when
Jude Amelia can't do combos here we go
get it
you're finally back to normal after two
hours of exhibition finally she's gonna
be fine what's the deal with that wanted
poster it has something to do with
Denmark right that's where you met Mia
she's trying to destroy a secret
washougal military weapon it uses
something called a spy ryx she swears
it's her mission to save the world from
those things my rigs
oh no he ate his hey he ate his face are
you doing here what the hell well we
came to see you we wanted to
congratulate you on your recovery oh boy
the gang's all here but we never
expected a miracle nice to see you on
your feet it's all thanks to Jude and
Leia Rowan it has been a while jug and a
pleasure to meet you young lady it's
been two whole hours Jude rowing oh
hello
anybody horny oho anybody horny I want
to know I'm back back for the face
raping get ready June this is the
developer sponsible for your miraculous
recovery in a spur exes you call it
fascinating will you be sticking around
for a while lady drasil insisted that I
take a vacation ah Elise was most
persistent in a desire to see mila don't
believe us Butler you're the one who's
been getting sloppy on the job lately
that's not like you know this old Butler
has been quite distracted as a plate
indeed one concern in particular is at
the forefront of my mind I see I wish we
had more time to listen to the whole
story but oh I see I don't care about
the stupid ramblings LaRhonda seems
impossible but dumb old man tomorrow I
don't remember saying that look I know
you well enough by now but you are still
recovering what could be so important in
fairmont that you must leave at once a
weapon they call the Lance of Kresnik as
long as it indoors mankind and spirit
kind are doomed to extinction he'll get
a day the king of Russia go the dick of
rational you cannot reach Fairmont
without once again heading for Ford
gondola things ended badly for you the
last time you visited that place of your
recall you're not afraid no I fear
nothing in this world
except that one day I may lose the
willpower to complete my mission except
that the streak of green will grow out
of my hair important to you because I am
Maxwell it is my duty to protect this
world Maxwell you say the spirit Mila's
a spirit is it true well what but that
doesn't matter does it it's not gonna
change who we know her ass I fucking
hate spirits goddammit they're bringing
down our society taking all our jobs
fuck this bitch come on everyone no you
standing around talking let's go back
inside sounds like a plan